# Open WIN Ambassadors - 3rd April 2023

## Agenda and collaborative notes

-----

**Important information**

- Date/time: Monday 3rd April 2023, 10:00-11:00 (GMT/UTC)
- Join the call: MS Teams
- These notes: [x](x)
- Call recording: [x](x)



<mark>Yellow = action</mark>


-----

## Agenda
0. Participation guidelines and check-in
1. Personal plans
2. Group plans
3. Feedback


## Participants
(name / Pronouns / Department / GitLab / ORCID)
1. Lisa Spiering / she/her / Exp Psychology / @wym003 / 0000-0002-9071-6541
2. Peter Doohan/ he/him / NDCN / @vyp730 / 0000-0003-2122-7354 
3. Miguel Farinha/ he/him / @bpz864 / 0000-0002-1729-723X
4. Mohamed Tachrount/ he/him / NDCN / @mtach / 0000-0003-1147-3412
5. Juju Fars / they/them / NDCN / @julienfars / 0000-0001-7771-5029

## Participation guidelines
- We value the participation of every member of our community and want to ensure that each of us has an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Please show respect and courtesy to other community members at all times.
- We are dedicated to a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, politics or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment by and/or of members of our community in any form.
- We welcome, support and respect each other as whole people.
- We fall under the formal policy and reporting guidelines of the University of Oxford Bullying and Harassment Policy and we expect everyone to be a responsible bystander.

## Check-In 
Because we are in a transition period we have interrogations about the Open Science Ambassador program. 
Interrogations 
- What CAN we do when Cass is not there anymore?
- What is planned for the future?
- Do we know more about this and the person taking over the Ambassador program? 

These questions<mark>must</mark>be answered as soon as possible. 
Who should we contact to answer these questions? 

-----

## 1. Personal plans

This section will conprise the long term plans of every Ambassador involved. These projects will be taken care of whatever happens next. 
- Peter will perform an independant analysis of how the large-scale animal and human electrophysiology databases are being structured.
- Lisa will continue to work on the success stories. She talked to Verena (first presenter). However, Lisa would prefer if the next person in charge of the program (Cass' replacement) takes over a part of the organisation. 
- Mohamed started to work on the protocols database, reviewed the documentation, and asked colleagues for reviews. In addition, he is having regular meetings with the IT team to work on the integration of the data acquired on the preclinical (Bruker) scanner into the XNAT system (for the online access to the data). 
-  Miguel plans on working on the GIT training. However, he is waiting on Cass to confirm this project's advancement.
-  Juju is still planning on submitting behavioural tasks on the WIN gitlab folder. These tasks should be ready shortly.  

## 2. Group plans

- Most Ambassadors expressed their will to start up the social media project: send regular messages/links/tutorials/updates about Open Science on a twitter accound + mastodon account
- Success stories, what is planned? 
- GIT training, what is planned? 




## 3. Feedback on this session
<mark>Please add a few words to each of the sections below so we can improve the expereince of others.</mark>
### What worked well?

### What surprised you?
- 
### What would you change?
- 
### What would you like to know more about?