# Open WIN Ambassadors
## Agenda and collaborative notes

-----

**Important information**

- Date/time: Wednesday 14th September 2022, 09:30-10:30 (GMT/UTC)
- Join the call: MS Teams
- These notes: [https://hackmd.io/@FE_yEojCQPW4PD8RcTWR0A/HkcU0bkZs](https://hackmd.io/@FE_yEojCQPW4PD8RcTWR0A/HkcU0bkZs)
- Discussion: Please join the [Open WIN Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/openwin/signup) Channel #ambassadors-2021 or email cassandra.gouldvanpraag@psych.ox.ac.uk 


<mark>Yellow = action</mark>


-----

## Agenda
0. Participation guidelines and check-in
1. Dinner!
2. Feedback on the programme and suggestions for next year 
3. How to stay engaged

## Participants
(name / Pronouns / Department / git handles (GitLab;GitHub) / ORCID ID)
1. Cassandra Gould van Praag / she/her / Psychiatry / @cassag;@cassgvp / 0000-0002-8584-4637
2. Yingshi Feng / she/her / NDCN / [@yingshif](https://github.com/yingshif) / [0000-0001-9065-4945](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-9065-4945)
3. Bernd Taschler / he/him / NDCN-FMRIB / [@btaschler](https://github.com/btaschler) / 0000-0001-6574-4789
4. Verena Sarrazin/ she/her / Psychiatry / [@verenasarrazin](https://github.com/verenasarrazin) / 0000-0002-5796-5378
 
## 0. Participation guidelines
- We value the participation of every member of our community and want to ensure that each of us has an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Please show respect and courtesy to other community members at all times.
- We are dedicated to a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, politics or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment by and/or of members of our community in any form.
- We welcome, support and respect eachother as whole people.
- We fall under the formal policy and reporting guidelines of the University of Oxford Bullying and Harassment Policy and we expect everyone to be a responsible bystander.

-----

## 1. Dinner!
- Yes!
- College dinner
    - Verena could bring us to Baliol, only Tuesday, max 5 guests. Dress code men wear a suit!  No pubished dress code! 19:45/20:00 to 21:00. Can buy a bottle in advance
    - Yingshi could bring 3 guests on Sunday's to Teddy Hall. Wine included (get it before it runs out!); 19:00-21:00
- Would be nice if we could include the next cohort of ambassadors, but it might be more difficult with number.
- <mark>Actions for Cass:</mark>
    - Will confirm with Nancy that we can't go to a resturant.
    - Check if we can bring the next cohort
    - Probably schedule for October/November then slack about dates

## 2. Feedback on the programme and suggestions for next year
- Steering group meeting and joining one-2-one calls - keep these!
- Monthly catch up works well
- More concrete to-do list or things to work on
    - Some directly assigned
    - Some open
- Jumping into gitlab issues
    - sometimes wasn't clear what text to write etc.
    - what exactly needs to be done and who will be doing it
    - we've discussed the issues as a group, but not allocated
    - It was good to work on issues in the group meeting time - useful to make sure this time is dedicated to the activity, getitng the resources set up etc.
    - Working through issues while everyone else was watching made it really to do
- How could we get more applications!
    - It was a bit intimidating!
    - Someone who is not quite sure might be put off about the time investment for the application itself!
    - Criteria for selection was helpful :). Transparency was good.
    - However, the writing 'barrier' does filter out folks who might be be less committed.
    - Probably less intimidating to folks who have done a lot of text applications etc.
    - It was useful to encourage folks to look thrugh the website etc.
    - It sounded very formal and that there was a liklihood that you might not be selected, that you might not be good enough etc...
    - Perhaps make it sound a bit less formal: "This is just to get to know you, guage your current level of understanding and ideas; this is a useful way to get your thoughts together!
    - Previous participant presenting recorded video
        - Would happens during the sessions
        - This is why you should apply
        - Why was it beneficial for me
        - Make sure you have the questions in advance
        - <mark>Actions for Cass:</mark>
            - Define questions (check folks are happy with these on slack)
            - Circulate questions
            - Set dates to come record (timeline will be set by opening of applications for next cohort).

- Open WIN website
    - Go through with the next cohot, give them a walk through to see what content is avaiable.




## 2. How to stay engaged
- open@win email
    - Would like to be closer to the email conversations Cass is having with people. Great way to understand more about what is going on!
    - Would be good insight to the practical work
    - Would probably like to read emails that Cass is sending, then reply when you feel more confident
    - Need to be clear that flexible engagement with this is ok! 
    - <mark>Actions for Cass:</mark>
        - Confirm with Stuart
        - Set up address and add people
        - Update website
        - Communicate new address - Monday message, win-chat, Welcome meetings, Grad programme

- GitLab issues
    - Bernd happy to continue with these


## 3. Feedback on this session
<mark>Please add a few words to each of the sections below so we can improve the expereince of others.</mark>
### What worked well?

### What surprised you?

### What would you change?
 
### What would you like to know more about?

