# Open WIN Ambassadors - 6th March 2023

## Agenda and collaborative notes

-----

**Important information**

- Date/time: Monday 6th March 2023, 10:00-11:00 (GMT/UTC)
- Join the call: MS Teams
- These notes: [https://hackmd.io/@FE_yEojCQPW4PD8RcTWR0A/Hy5qFNXJ3/edit](https://hackmd.io/@FE_yEojCQPW4PD8RcTWR0A/Hy5qFNXJ3/edit)
- Call recording: [x](x)



<mark>Yellow = action</mark>


-----

## Agenda
0. Participation guidelines and check-in
1. Cass handover
3. Feedback


## Participants
(name / Pronouns / Department / GitLab / ORCID)
1. Cassandra Gould van Praag / she/her / Psychiatry / @cassag / 0000-0002-8584-4637
2. Juju Fars / they/them / NDCN / @julienfars / 0000-0001-7771-5029
3. Mohammed

## Participation guidelines
- We value the participation of every member of our community and want to ensure that each of us has an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Please show respect and courtesy to other community members at all times.
- We are dedicated to a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, politics or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment by and/or of members of our community in any form.
- We welcome, support and respect each other as whole people.
- We fall under the formal policy and reporting guidelines of the University of Oxford Bullying and Harassment Policy and we expect everyone to be a responsible bystander.


-----

## 1. Cass handover
- Cass starting a new role at the [Turing Insitute (TPS)](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-programmes/tools-practices-and-systems) 1st May
- Last day at WIN 27th April (+/- a day)

### Comms
- Ongoing discussion next week on how to take this forwards with Ambassadors over the year

### Gitlab taining
- Scheduled as part of WIN grad course April
- Schedule a 2nd training for October 2023 - who to do the admin if not Kamila?
- Suggestion that everyone has a specific responsibility/theme/topic (as in the celebration meeting). But all support.
- Take more initiative and play a larger part - better if people know and have seen the Ambassadors
- Grad course they have to watch a video before the in-person
    - https://open.win.ox.ac.uk/pages/open-science/community/Open-WIN-Community/docs/gitlab/ includes a recording of Cass' "demystified"
    - Maybe include making a repository in the preparatory work.
- <mark>All: Review the [existing tutorials](https://open.win.ox.ac.uk/pages/open-science/community/Open-WIN-Community/docs/gitlab/gitlab-tutorials/) and decide what will go into the workshop and pre-work.</mark>
- <mark>All: Update online training materials to check they are relevant (gitlab vs github)</mark>
- Cass: add slides for demystified trinaing to Ambassadors repo - done: [slides here](https://git.fmrib.ox.ac.uk/open-science/community/open-win-ambassadors/-/blob/master/slides/git-WIN-reboot-git-2023.pptx)

### IT user testing
- IT are contining to develop tools patticularly for data handling and would like a defined (engaged!) set of people to test with - would be great if this was Ambassadors
    - XNAT
    - Protocols DB
- Experimental set up (Andrew R-B and Seb) have some projects 

### One to one meetings with researchers
- how to schedule?
    - Teams?
- <mark>All: review the information on the community pages - 99% of the information researchers need is on there.</mark>
- <mark>Attend a 1-2-1 with Cass.</mark>
- Ask researchers to forumlate questions in advance (or at least identify the topics they want to know about)
    - data or code
    - what stage of the project (e.g. publication of new data collection)
    - subjects (human, animal, phantoms?!)
    - Note Cass has a form which could be used to specifiy range of topics.
    - Once you have the information from the researcher, connect them with the right (by domain) Ambassador and move to scheduling.
    - Make this as easy as possible for the researchers - an email template 

### Meetings (after 1st May)
- Begin to do 2/month 
- Meet with Tom/Stuart termly
- Short and long term projects (something long term after git training)
- Work on own projects between meetings









## 2. Feedback on this session
<mark>Please add a few words to each of the sections below so we can improve the expereince of others.</mark>
### What worked well?

### What surprised you?
- 
### What would you change?
- 
### What would you like to know more about?
- 