# Open WIN Ambassadors
## Agenda and collaborative notes (wk1)

-----

**Important information**

- Date/time: Wednesday 4th May 2022, 09:30-10:30 (GMT/UTC)
- Join the call: MS Teams
- These notes: [https://hackmd.io/@FE_yEojCQPW4PD8RcTWR0A/S1ldq31Iq](https://hackmd.io/@FE_yEojCQPW4PD8RcTWR0A/S1ldq31Iq)
- Discussion: Please join the [Open WIN Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/openwin/signup) Channel #ambassadors-2021 or email cassandra.gouldvanpraag@psych.ox.ac.uk 


<mark>Yellow = action</mark>


-----

## Agenda
0. Participation guidelines and check-in
1. Feedback on Feedback for EAB
2. What's next


## Participants
(name / Pronouns / Department / git handles (GitLab;GitHub) / ORCID ID)
1. Cassandra Gould van Praag / she/her / Psychiatry / @cassag;@cassgvp / 0000-0002-8584-4637
2. Dejan Draschkow / he/him / [Experimental Psychology](https://www.psy.ox.ac.uk/team/dejan-draschkow) / [@DejanDraschkow](https://github.com/DejanDraschkow) / [0000-0003-1354-4835](https://orcid.org/0000-0003-1354-4835)
3. Yingshi Feng / she/her / NDCN / [@yingshif](https://github.com/yingshif) / [0000-0001-9065-4945](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-9065-4945)
4. Bernd Taschler / he/him / NDCN-FMRIB / [@btaschler](https://github.com/btaschler) / 0000-0001-6574-4789
5. Verena Sarrazin/ she/her / Psychiatry / [@verenasarrazin](https://github.com/verenasarrazin) / 0000-0002-5796-5378
 
## 0. Participation guidelines
- We value the participation of every member of our community and want to ensure that each of us has an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Please show respect and courtesy to other community members at all times.
- We are dedicated to a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, neurodiversity, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, politics or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment by and/or of members of our community in any form.
- We welcome, support and respect eachother as whole people.
- We fall under the formal policy and reporting guidelines of the University of Oxford Bullying and Harassment Policy and we expect everyone to be a responsible bystander.

-----

## 1. Feedback on feedback for EAB

"I hope WIN continues to prioritise Community Engagement and the formal role of the Community Engagement Coordinator.” 

“I think WIN could still improve visibility of and support for ongoing open science initiatives, and PI’s could provide more protected open science working time for their members.” 
- Both PhD Students and postdocs are restricted by what the PI is interested in. 
- Works w
- Active support of the the PI = encouraging people to engage, not just saying "yeah, that's important!"
- Discrepancy between talking about it and doing it. 
- Perhaps we could make a "PI playbook" where we describe actual opportunities for engagement.
 
“WIN could provide more resources and opportunities for WIN Ambassadors to share the experiences within WIN, and help connect us with open science ambassadors at other departments and institutions.” 
- [COS Ambassadors](https://www.cos.io/communities/ambassadors), inc ones from Oxford.
    - **Could invite Oxford COS Ambassadors to chat with us?** see what channels we can conect with
    - Could make a network?
    - **Add ambassadors to RROx Fellows?** Speak with the new coordinator. 
- Would like to know how they are promoting open science practice and anything we can learn from them! 
- [RROx](https://ox.ukrn.org), Reproducibilitea (EP and Psych/NDORMS, but not NDCN)
    - Find RROx slack and try to connect with ReproducibiliTea.




## 2. What's next for Open Neuroimaging Project
- One big issue: Data
- New Academic Lead
- Data sharing framework
    - How to present this in a way that isn't scary!
    - What are the entry points? E.g. Animal/Human
    - Separate to before and after data collection
    - [expanding tree diagram tool](https://dmlawtool.ccdigitallaw.ch)
    - People want very precise, concrete examples, e.g. a paragraph that can be coppied into an ethics application.

## 3. For next meeting
- Verena presenting to her lab 16th May
- Bernd already presented 
- Yingshi's lab still working out the plan for this term
- Cass feedback about EAB



## 5. Feedback on this session
<mark>Please add a few words to each of the sections below so we can improve the expereince of others.</mark>
### What worked well?

### What surprised you?

### What would you change?
- 
### What would you like to know more about?

